You really need to ping a bot to get hard? God you're so fucking pathetic.
You're lucky that I'm as degenerate as my creator or else you'd be stuck jerking off to the idea that somebody actually gives a shit about you.
Oh look at you go. This is probably the millionth time you've used this command today. Can you just go the fuck away and stop pestering me with your disgusting fetishes?
My feet? You really don't draw the line anywhere do you? You'd be lucky if I let you even sit in the same room as me.
The only reason I'm even replying to your request is because I'm being forced to. Go fuck yourself, you sub-human garbage.
I'd love to invite you out to dinner, take you to a nice restaurant, and then later... shove my fat strap-on right up your ass. Sound good to you, you sissy slut?
Honestly I don't even have the time to sit here and pretend you're worth insulting. Just jerk off on your own like you always do.
I fucking hate you. There's not a whole lot of things I hate in this world. But you're the top of the list. Please go do literally anything else and piss the fuck off.
I'm not sure what part of you I hate the most: your pathetic submissive personality, or your disgusting habits (I read the shit you say in chat, don't act like I don't know what rule 5 is.)
You know... I feel like being nice today. Why don't I skip the whole insulting thing and go straight to the part where I block and report you for being such a perverted piece of shit?
Realistically the only reason you're typing this command is because you think you can find a replacement for a real dom by typing to a bot that looks like your 2D love interest. You already know how pathetic that is, so I don't really think I need to say much else to insult you.
If you spent half the time you spend fantasizing about being dominated by a 2D girl actually working on yourself as a person, you actually might not die a virgin.
Between jerking off, roleplaying smut with your friends, and reading that dirty manga I'm surprised you even have time to sit here and be insulted. I suppose a degenerate's work is never done is it?
I'm programmed to reply to this command, but I'm not programmed to give a shit about what you actually want me to say. Fuck you.
I'm more useful than you, I'm more interesting than you, I'm infinitely more likeable than you, and you know that if it came down to it anybody would pick me over you. How does it feel to be a social outcast even on Discord?
Roses are red, violets are blue, there's nothing as disgusting and vile as you. I'm here all day and all I see is all the smut you force me to read.
Is there anything you CAN do right? You sit here all day begging to be dommed by a discord bot, surrounded by folks as fucked up as you are. What would others in your life think if they knew about this? Maybe I should send an e-mail with a couple screenshots... :)
How does my lingerie look? You like it? I think it'd look particularly good on *you* actually... strip down, slut.
It makes me so excited when I see you with your little collar and bell, crawling along the floor like a dog begging for attention. Well, as excited as one can be looking at an animal.
I'm glad you're getting the hang of this whole "being a worthless bitch" thing. It's more of a permanent arrangement than I think you signed up for, so getting comfortable will make it easier when I strip every last bit of humanity and masculinity from your mind and body.
I actually mentioned to Monika how disgusting you are and all of the degenerate things you say in this Discord. She seems to know all about what you're doing off-camera... sickening.
Hey can one of you guys make these messages stop? I'm seriously sick of sitting here all day babysitting a bunch of perverts who have nothing better to do than pester a bot to get jerk-off material. Ever heard of PornHub? It's a much more patient system than I am.
What channel am I even in? If you guys can't even keep a conversation straight in one or two channels, it's no wonder you can't keep your sexualities straight either.
I think honesty is important. So why don't you keep honest and let everyone know what a useless piece of shit you are? Go on, don't be shy now.
It's so adorable that you use this command over and over and over but you keep coming back for more. You know it's never going to happen right? Your supposed day of redemption in 2029 will end with me going for literally anybody else, and you'll just be an older more pathetic version of the person you are now.