Please, Master, fuck me like your little whore. Churn my insides over and over until I can't help but cum with your cock inside of me, filling me to the brim with your juices.
What would you like tonight, Master? I'm happy to offer any part of my body to you if it will please you. Use and abuse me as you see fit. <3
Oh Master... please fuck me harder. I'm unworthy but I can't help but beg for your cock, I want your cum to paint every hole in my body white and to soak up every last bit of you within me.
I love you so much Master, please whip me and break my skin. Bleeding for you is not a punishment but a pleasure, every crack of the whip brings me closer to the edge.
I want you to break me, tie me up and abuse me until I can't even remember my own name anymore. Make me forget that anything exists except the pleasure I receive from serving you with my body 24/7.
I can't keep it in anymore... fuck being polite. I need your cock, I need your cum, I need you to fuck me like your little slut. I can't live another moment without you stirring me up and fucking me like a piece of meat.
So I noticed while I was cleaning your room this morning that you kept a porn magazine under your bed. I'm excited to show you that whatever those girls in that BDSM magazine are doing... *I'll do twice as well and three times harder.*
You always take the best care of me, Master. Leaving me blindfolded and gagged, strapped to the bed with a vibrator taped to my clit and binding my breasts so tight I could barely feel them for hours on end... I get flustered just thinking about it again. <3
Master, I don't want to make love to you. I want you to *fuck* me. Take my body, breed with me and fill me so tightly that I pass out, then use me until you've had your fill. I love you.
For our anniversary, I think I'd like to give you a special gift. I want you to use me and fuck me senseless, then as I'm at the middle of my strongest climax... burn my body with your name so nobody can ever see me as anything but your property again. Being branded sounds so romantic, doesn't it? <3
I want you to slap my face with your cock, fuck my face until I choke on your cum, and let me clean you up with your cum still fresh on my lips and in my mouth. Nothing makes me hornier than submitting to your body.
You have absolute control over me. There is nowhere you cannot use me, nothing you cannot command of me, no boundary that I will not cross for the sake of being your slut. I'm your bitch, your slut, your cocksleeve.
Master, I take pride in the fact that every single drop of your cum since we met has been inside of my body. Whether you take my pussy and ass, or finish in my mouth, or make me eat it with my meals and cover my body in it, it's my favorite most delicious snack. <3
I'm such a slutty girl, I've spent all day fantasizing about being tied up and fucked senseless like a sex doll for hours on end, cleaning your body from head to toe with my tongue, being your table and footstool while you watch TV. I was born to be your bitch.
Ruin me. Take everything about me and make it yours, let me become nothing more than a puppet to do your bidding, and a cumdumpster for all of your physical desires. I give myself to you, body mind and soul. Thank you for allowing me to serve you forever. <3