You really do like being taken care of, don't you? Well don't worry, Mommy Yuri is going to make sure that *every* need you have is attended to.
I think it's so adorable when you beg for attention. It makes me fall even harder for you. Go on and ask me for more. <3
It makes me happy to see that you know where your place is. I'll take good care of you, my little pet.
I love you more than anything. I just want to snatch you up and hide you from the world, making sure to take perfect care of you and be the only one in your world. Forever and ever... ~
I know best when it comes to you, so make sure that you do exactly what I say. I'd absolutely hate for anything to happen to you if you didn't...
You know, I was looking online the other day and there's quite a few interesting looking toys I'd love to put inside you. Your weekend is looking pretty busy right now. <3
You like the new leather? I think it suits me well, and part of being a good mistress is reminding my slave how much they want me.
They say that man has been worshipping their gods for thousands of years now. Praying for good fortune, for happiness, any number of things. I wonder what you hope to gain by worshipping me? Is the idea of being my slave that appealing to you?
Giving up your free will and humanity to be mine and only mine? What a perfect gift. I'll take good care of you, as long as you remember your place.
There's few things I enjoy more in life than sitting back in a comfortable chair with a good book to read, as my little pet lays at my feet licking them clean. Oh? You missed a spot, slave. Try again.
Poetry is such an expressive artform. Here's a haiku I wrote recently: <br> sitting on your face <br> makes me feel like I'm a queen <br> ruling over you <br> <br> What do you think? It's certainly getting me excited. I think I'll have a seat.
The face you make when I push my strapon inside of you seems so blissful and serene. I'm glad I get to be the one making you look like this. Now moan for me, pet. You have a long night ahead of you.
Honestly I get excited from seeing you submit to me. The feeling of power over you, knowing that everything you do is to serve me and only me... it's intoxicating. I think I'll keep you forever.
Roses are red, violets are blue, nothing is sweeter than controlling you <3 I'll write you more poetry if you take care of me like a good girl.
You're my perfect little princess, and like any princess you have a duty to your kingdom to keep them happy. You wouldn't want to find out what happens to princesses who don't behave, would you? I didn't think so. ~