Please treat me well, Master. I promise that I will serve as any good slave should, and fulfill *any* desire you may have for me.
You are so well-endowed, Master... I am a lucky slave that I get to service such an attractive man. <3
Oh god... mmm... just thinking about being able to spend hours submitting to you and pleasing you with every fiber of my being gets me all hot and bothered.
A good slave never neglects her duties. I will always have dinner ready for you when you are home, your bed made and house cleaned, and I will present myself to you to worship and obey your every command.
I'll be honest... sometimes I like to say no to things just so you'll punish me harder. Does that make me a bad slave? I wonder how you'll punish me for telling you that... <3
Master, I absolutely love this collar you picked out for me. It makes me so excited when you take me to the store and everybody can see how I belong to you and only you.
There's nothing a servant loves more than being able to provide for her master. I was born to take care of all of your needs and wants, and I will be happy to spend my life as your pet.
I want to be enveloped in your love and power. Take control of my mind, body, and spirit, and guide me however you see fit. My life is yours to command, Master. <3
I love waking up in the morning, still chained to the bed and sore, remembering all of the things I was able to do to serve my master. Thank you for the opportunity to be your plaything.
My life has so much more meaning when I can use it to provide for my master. You're the only person I ever want to serve. Be my master forever?
I want to be dominated by you. Please take my body and do what you wish with me, my only purpose is to provide myself to you for your enjoyment and pleasure.
Please, Master, I want to be your toy and your disciple. I want you to take me and use me as you please, I belong to you and only you.
I made your breakfast just the way you like it. Would you prefer tea or coffee this morning? I'm... ready to provide milk at your request, if you so wish it.
You are the best Master I could ever ask for. You listen to me and provide for me. You accept my love and as I open myself to you, you give me the gift of safety and undying love. I will always be your slave, eager to please and happy to submit.
As you wish Master, I will share my thoughts with you at all times of day. You are the only thing that comes to mind - I wish to be taken by you and controlled in every way. Free will is for those who don't have a Master like you to guide them. <3